Add Git LFS docs. (#10296)
harness/developer-hub: docs/code-repository/work-in-repos/git-lfs.md

   ```bash
   git lfs track "*.mp4"
   ```

This command adds an entry to your `.gitattributes` file. Commit this file to your repository:

```bash
git add .gitattributes
git commit -m "Track .mp4 files with Git LFS"
```

3. **Add and Commit Files**: Add and commit your large files as usual:

   ```bash
   git add path/to/large-file.mp4
   git commit -m "Add large video file"
   ```

5. **Push to Repository**: Push your commits to the Harness Code repository:

   ```bash
   git push origin main
   ```

Git LFS will handle uploading the large files to the LFS object store.

## Viewing LFS Files in Harness Code

In Harness Code UI, LFS files are rendered directly in the file view page (not in the file listing page) if they are of a supported type (e.g., images) and are less than or equal to 10MB in size. Files tracked by Git LFS are marked as **Stored with Git LFS**. 

<DocImage path={require('/docs/code-repository/work-in-repos/static/git-lfs-view.png')} />

For unsupported file types or files larger than 10MB, a download option is provided.

## Authentication and Protocol Support

Harness Code supports Git LFS operations over HTTPS only.

:::note

> If you clone a repository via SSH, Git LFS operations still require authentication over HTTPS.

Reviewer: this might be a bit confusing, as although it does required auth over https, the token will be provided via ssh itself (to git lfs client), so user dont need to interfere if has a valid ssh key setup.

> If you clone a repository via SSH, Git LFS operations still require authentication over HTTPS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you clone a repository via SSH, Git LFS operations still performs the Git LFS objects transfer over HTTPS seamlessly as pure SSH-based protocol is not supported yet. 
```
